// $Id: bugs.txt,v 1.3 2005/05/04 00:00:54 rbuehler Exp $

Current Bugs:
1) Concept: Some projections have many parameters. These projections push the "Bad Projection"
            tag out of viewing range without scrolling.
   Suggestion: Move "Bad Projection" tag to directly beneath the projection drop-down
   Solution:


2) Method: Any input, going to "equidistant conic b"
   Issue: Does not warn about constraint failure on the std. parallels
   Suggestion: Warn user, as is done in Lambert Conformal Conic and many others
   Solution:


3) Method: Any input, going to "General Vertical Near-Side Perspective"
   Issue: Height of perspective needs a new tooltip and suggested values, it doesn't
          produce out put until > 286 and even then it is meaningless. Also, calculator
          does not properly calculate columns? However, when previewing columns is set
          properly.
    Suggestion: Check the Synder book for proper bounds and enforce
    Solution:



Fixed In This Version:

1) Concept: Modified Stereographic Conformal--Alaska is spelled wrong
   Suggestion: Fix it. :-)
   Solution: Added the "g" in stereographic (jtrent)


2) Method: Any input, going to the following projections, then clicking preview
           Geographic, Lambert Confromal Conic, Gnomonic, and Modified Stereographic
           Conformal--Alaska
   Issue: Crashes with Null pointer, or produces bad rows/columns without warning in advance.
          All other "Bad Projections" warn before previewing that it may crash except this one.
   Suggestion: Make sure it warns that the projection is bad for these projections. It works
               fine in with the calculate button.
   Solution: Changed previewProjection() in mapimgform to check for parameter bounds during
             readyToFrameIt. (jtrent)


3) Method: Any input, going to  "equidistant conic b"
   Issue: After previewing the Projection has changed to "equidistant conic a".
          It looks like this is what is being projected for both A and B.
   Suggestion: Check that the GCTP parameter that distinguishes between A and B
               is being properly set.
   Solution: Not correct in gcptNames, but correct in other places, so both were
             set to A. (jtrent)


4) Method: Using Life Zones, 30 minute Equirectangular input, going to "equidistant conic a"
           Also true with any other input data set or projection.
   Issue: When preview reprojection is run "Columns of pixels" value gets changed to zero and
          error message pops, also goes to zero when clicking the calculator. There is no
          warning that this is a bad projection. This occurs even when following all tooltips.
   Suggestion: Check that all the tooltips are right, and that all projection parameters are
               being checked for bounds. Probably has something to do with the Semi-Major and
               -Minor axes.
   Solution: Equidistant Conic A doesn't work well with 0 degree standard parallel.
             Error message has been created for this situation.


Fixed Previously:
